Your first task was to complete the residual block class.
We know that the residual block doesn't change the shape of any input that sees.
It just creates a connection between the inputs and outputs using addition.
So, in this class code am using my helper come
function to define two convolutional layers plus batch normalization,
I've explicitly defined a batch norm is true
here to remind you that this includes normalization.
The residual block takes in a number of inputs to process and
the number of inputs and outputs for each of these convolutional layers is the same.
Each of these layers also has a kernel size of
three and a stride and padding equal to one.
This ensures that the input and output of these layers is going to have
the same size in the spatial dimensions x and y. Then,in my forward function,
I am passing my input through these convolutional layers in sequence.
First I'm passing it to
my first convolutional layer and apply a relu activation function.
This gives me my first output and then passing this output to
the second convolutional layer and adding it to our original input x.
This gives me the resonant block output that I want.
Now I have a complete residual block class that I can use in my generator.
Recall that we also have this helper decomp function and here's my cycle generator code.
And I broke this up into three steps.
First I defined the three layers of my encoder portion.
This is just a series of
three strided convolutional and batch room layers that are increasing in depth.
So from an input RGB depth of three to 64 then 128 and finally 256.
Each of these has a kernel size of four and my default parameters for my helper function.
Next I'm defining the residual blocks.
Here, I'm actually going to create a list of blocks
based on my past and perimeter n_res_ blocks.
So if that's equal to six, the default,
then I'm going to add six residual blocks to my list of residual layers.
Recall that our class only took in one input,
the number of inputs the block see as input and incidentally create as output.
This is just the number of outputs from
the last convolutional layer, conv_dim times four.
Then I'm wrapping my list of residual layers in
a sequential wrapper and naming them self.res blocks.
Great, then all I have left to define in it is the decoder portion of the generator.
This is a series of three transpose convolutional layers
and I'm using my helper deconv function here to create these.
Just like our conv function, by default,
these are batch normalization applied to them and I want
that on all but the last transpose convolutional layer.
You can also see that these layers are going from very deep to very shallow.
Eventually a depth of three to get the shape of image that we want as output.
Moving onto our forward function,
I'm calling every one of the layers I've just defined in
sequence and I'm applying a relu activation to
each of these outputs except the resonant blocks and
the last layer where I apply a tan h activation function.
So this completes my generator class.
In the cells below,
I can actually define the generators and discriminators that I want.
In this function "Create model" I'm instantiating two generators,
G_X to y and G_Y to X with a given convolutional dimension n number of rest blocks.
Then I'm doing the same thing for my two discriminators,
D_X and D_Y with a given conv_dim of 64.
In the next few lines,
I'm moving all of these models to a GPU device if available.
Finally I'm calling this function and getting my models in
the correct order and it prints out models have
been moved to GPU which I'm running on right now.
To check that I've implemented these correctly,
I'm going to actually print out the parameters of each of
these models just to make sure they're as I expect.
I have my cycle generators with a sequence of convolutional and batch norm layers as
the encoder portion and a long sequence of residual blocks after that.
Then this ends with the sequence of
transpose convolutional layers and batch -known layers.
So you should read over these parameters and check
that you have your desired adversarial networks.
You should have two discriminators and two generators.
Next I'll go over how to prepare for training these models.